Clarify DBT_HOST config for multi-cell and static subdomain accounts (#8991)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-ai/setup-local-mcp.md

```
:::

> **Multi-cell and static subdomain configuration example:**

Reviewer: Same feedback as above - the fact that it's multi-cell doesn't have any bearing on the availability of the subdomain.

> ✅ **Correct configuration (as of v1.14.0):**

Author: ```suggestion
✅ **Correct configuration:**
```

```bash
DBT_HOST=abc123.us1.dbt.com  # Use the full hostname including the prefix
DBT_ACCOUNT_ID=12345          # Required when using PAT-based auth
```

> You no longer need to set `MULTICELL_ACCOUNT_PREFIX` or `DBT_HOST_PREFIX`. This applies to both multi-cell accounts and multi-tenant accounts with a static subdomain.

Author: ```suggestion
You don't need to set `MULTICELL_ACCOUNT_PREFIX` or `DBT_HOST_PREFIX`. This applies to both multi-cell accounts and multi-tenant accounts with a static subdomain.
```
